The Joe Rogan.
Experience. I, I, I would really like cross promotion fights, you know,
I really would.
Betor just did it with Verizon. Yeah. You know, and what's your, I mean,
what's your take on that? I think it's.
Be good for everybody. Like I said, I'm obsessed with Douglas.
lima<laugh> fighting at 170 pounds. I wanna have you not seen Patricio fight.
Yes. I'm I'm look, I'm obsessed with Patricio too, but I look,
I feel like right now, 1 45 in the UFC is so talent stacked. Yes.
I'm comfortable with some of these matchups that I wanna see. Um,
I really am interested in seeing, um,
a rematch between vulcanoski in max Holloway. Yep.
I think max Holloway with just a few adjustments checking those leg kicks. Yeah.
And maybe a little bit more movement. He, you know, I think he can win that for,
but I think vulcannaziski with a few adjustments might be able to put on even
better performance. And now that he's beaten the, the goat feather weight,
I mean, who knows? I mean, a lot of guys,
you don't really see what they're capable of until they win the title.
And then you see the confidence take over. I mean,
I think cross promotion with all the champions would be fantastic. I mean, look,
I'm a terrible business person. I would obviously,
obviously I'd promote everybody. I'd be like. Yeah. Beto. Let's be friends.
Let's, I'll blow you guys up too. I wouldn't,
I don't think the way the UFC does. It's sort of an I isolationist perspective.
Like when feddo was a champion,
they would get bummed out that I would kept mentioning him when feddo was over
in pride. And I was like,
you gotta take anys consideration fedydo millionco yeah. I mean,
you might be the best heavyweight alive.
And there was a lot of guys over there that were phenomenal fighters and we
absorbed a few of themem and there was some problems with that. You know,
obviously there was problems with the fact that the contracts that they got from
pride, a lot of 'em weren't real. So, you know, there was,
we thought we had faydore and we didn't, we, we thought we had a lot of guys,
they had to just put 'em under nuke contracts. Mark Hunt was a good example.
He wrote out his contract and then there was a problem with supplements.
You know, a lot of those guys were on the Mexican juice, but.
Cause it wasn't in the contract. No,
I fought over there and they said we did not test for steroids,
like in the contract and.
In anyway, tell me that it was in giant bold print. Yes. It was<laugh>.
It was, it actually was. Yeah. I want to even say it was under. Yeah.
It was like, no look. So I agree with cross promotion. Yes.
I wanna see that I a hundred percent wanna see that, but I also think though,
too, you gotta look out for all promotions. If we're gonna cross promote,
let's not have champion versus champion.
Let's have your number two guy versus this number three guy. Sure.
Let's make the best fight.
Here's the thing. Do you think it would hurt the UFC?
Cuz I don't know if it would. I think it would definitely helped Bellator,
but I don't know. First of all, I hate the name Bellator.
I, I, I think everyone did and I honestly, I think everyone did it. It was true.
I mean, but here's the thing like you already, they already spent millions.
I understand probably close to over a billion dollars and trying to make sure
that it was marketed properly back then.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> when Scott came in, it's like,
let's not try to rebrand this. And Scott's,
Scott's brilliant when I'm still doing this thing, these type of things.
But you notice how he got rid of the, he made it very simple.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> the logo is simple. Everything is simple now.
And it's easier to say, oh,
that's our logo right there versus this big word that says with like a,
I don't even know what it was behind.
It was like a Bellator fighter or whatever it was. Yeah. It went away gone.
Yeah. So look, he look at all these things. It takes time to get branded.
Do you remember king of the cage when they used to have the king of the cage?
A giant bodybuilder dude? Yes. Who was like the mascot? Yep.
Remember how strange that was? Uh, shout.
Out to terryroock good. That guy look he's been around forever, forever.
Around Terry. This thing though. You.
Gotta appreciate guys like that. Yes. Cause even though he's not getting rich,
but he's also making sure that young and up and coming fighters have a way to
like get their name out there and still fight at, you know, at.
A high level. Well, you know, budrezman was one of the owners as well.
He's a really good friend of mine. He actually sold him. My old house.
He lives in my old house. He's a real good friend of mine. I.
I had never met him. I don't think. But bud.
And Terry were partners in the, the,
a venture and they used to have this guy who was this enormous bald
bodybuilder dude who was the king of the cage. Yeah. And he was like a mascot.
Yep. You remember? It was so yeah, I do.
Remember. It was always,
he was always wearing like a dry fit shirt or like a really tight,
a really tight yeah, yeah.
Yeah. And old connect. Bald guy. Huge muscles. Yep.
But it was so strange. It was like, but he's not the fighter. No,
this is so weird. <laugh> like give a mascot.
Yeah. Hey, whatever man. Everyone's got, you've gotta try.
Something. Differentifferent mascots are weird for it's a fighting mask.
Cause remember the UFC had the dude who was the bald muscular guy in the
logo. Do remember that? Is that you? No,
<laugh>s on me as boss Rudin. It looked like boss Rudin. Oh.
Do you remember the early days of the UFC,
the logo had this guy who was his bald Jack dude. Yeah.
And that was like a part of the UFC logo with some bald dude.
Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I do remember that. I do.
Remember it was weird. It looked like boss. Like when boss won the top,
I was like, is this Destin for you? Yeah. <laugh> like,
look at this <laugh> it was really weird. There it is. Look at the old logo.
Yeah. That's true. How weird is that?
No one like that ever won the title up until boss.
But that's like, so when Scott came in, he changed the logo to make it simple.
Like,
like basically what Dana and Lorenzo and those guys did basically made it simple
like that. Yeah. So I think, I think it's good for the sport. We'll see, like,
look, the name itself is like, Hey, do we wanna rebrand this? No,
you don't wanna waste all the money.
You did trying to rebrand a new organization. Right. That's just too hard.
And it, you know, at the end of the day, it's, you know,
the execs talk and they're like, Hey, let's just try and make some changes,
make it simple and make everyone just fall in love with us all over again.
But you know, for a different reason, the other thing too,
even though we are doing a tournament format for our fights, we're,
we're not doing 'em every like be tour before I was doing 'em every Friday
different weight class. And I didn't even really,
I never paid attention cuz it was just too hectic to try and keep up.
Now you have big fights scheduled, you know, every, you know, once a month,
you know, with the, with the tournament fighters. So, um,
like this weekend we have cyborg fight and Julia, but for the title, which is.
Fight phenomenal, very underooked fight. Yeah. Julia, Budd's a monster.
She's an animal. And I mean, people are,
and it's funny cuz everyone just keeps overlooking her and she she's so jacked,
you know? And she's not only is she jacked, she's got her,
wrestling's gotten a lot better and I need to remind you guys,
her only two losses have been to a man Nuez and Rhonda Rousey when Rhonda Rousey
was at the top of her game. Now those two losses though,
two were extremely early in her career. She's been on a terror ever since then.
And she's been doing phenomenal. The I've had again talking with John,
him and I have talked her it's her confidence.
Her confidence needs to be at a D the.
Guns on that chick. <laugh> Jesus.
Christ. Her striking, I think is better than, than cyborg. Really? Yes.
I think it's better. Really? Her striking's better than cyborg.
Now it's a bold statement. Can't she take a shot from cyborg? Who knows?
But I think there's a lot to be said,
like cyborg doesn't throw the straightest punches in the world. Right. You know,
she throws a lot of hooks. So if Julia compress her to the fence, get inside,
thelinnch make her that dirty get in that dirty boxing,
get rid of those loopy punches.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> and be inside that pocket right there.
Then I think she's got a good chance.
Well, after cybo got flatlined by Amanda, Nuez the whole game just changed.
Yeah. Everything changed, you know, you realized do everybody else. Okay. Okay.
Yeah. Well, first of all, Nu as it has hammers,
that lady throws hammers. It's crazy. It's crazy. How bad she is.
I look at it though.
Too. That cyborg had been undefeated for so long.
Hadn't lost in so long. Yeah. That she's just like,
I'm just gonna walk through this chick and it just cost her.
I think her confidence was that, oh, none of these girls can hurt me.
I could beat her know. And when she got hit, I'm gonna hit you back.
She was thinking she was gonna impose her wheel like she did against everyone
else. Right. Okay. And she's gonna try to do the same thing to Julia, but right.
And it's a matter of whether, how Julia, but responds. And we're gonna know,
I think in that first round,
whether Julia is going to rise to the occasion or if she's gonna step
back and let cyber work dictate the pace like a lot of other girls have. Right.
I think with Amanda, when she pushed Amanda back,
Amanda hit her and cyberborg got rocked and Amanda pressed Ford and she thought
she was gonna hit her back. And it became with this exchange.
It was a very sloppy fight on, I think from both sides.
But Amanda has big dogs and was able to land the clean good punches and timing.
The timing was fantastic. She.
What she,
he did very well in that fight was that she made sure that she didn't blow her
wa and wasteless punches. She pick, she was picking and choosing her shots.
So she was making sure that they were landing versus just throwing, you know,
aimlessly and not landing.
You see that a lot of times people get rocked and the guy just comes and he
smotherers himself so much that nothing lands and the guy recovers and you're
back to fighting. Yeah.
I, you know, know when I, when I knew that Amanda Nuez was a dangerous,
dangerous fighter was first of all, the first round went well, well, you know,
there's a lot of fights where you saw it, you know, you started to,
to see it with cats. And ghanano the first round.
She almost had cats and ghanano out, but then she faded and then she,
she got put away later in the fight, which just shows how tough cats and Ghana.
Yes. KAZE, Gone's a savaboage she's at Bellator nine. Yes. I know.
Very happy to see her over there.
But when Amanda Nuez beat the outta mieshaateton and strangled her, I was like,
oh God. Yeah, Jesus Christ. And then when the,
the Raque Pennnington fights an underooked fight. Yeah.
Because Raque Pennington is as tough as they come,
that lady impresses the outta me.
And the fact that she was able to stop her and beat her down before she stopped
her. You know, you just,
you realize she was on another level at that point in time.
But still when the cyborg fight had questions, I was like, is she gonna be,
look what she did to Holly? Holmess yborg just bullied Holly home.
She was just on top of her beating her down. And Holly is a phenomenal striker.
Yes. And I was like, man is man. But the difference is Amanda is her hands.
Yeah. Holly, you know, has good power to hands. Excellent timing.
Good counters. But Amanda has like legit one shot, knockout power. Yeah.
I agree.
I just would've liked to have seen them do a second fight because I think,
I think that cyberrg, would've fought a smarter yes. Fight.
And it would've been a different.
Outcome. She would've made a different, she would've made the adjustments.
For yeah. She would've made the adjustments, not just made the adjustments,
but we saw what Jermaine derronomy when Jermaine fought her, that Amanda,
as the fight goes on, she's not the same fighter. Why do you think.
That she decided to move over to Bellator?
Why do you think she didn't pursue the rematch? Oh.
You know of the answer to that? Come on, Joe, is it like Dana?
It's not just you can't. I, I think the comments, just the,
to being treated like there, you know,
certain ways people talking behind her back saying, you know, calling her,
you know, a man, whatever it was, those are, there's not just that.
But then also to a little bit of the, I think some of the mistreatment, um,
in that, in that whole thing, the other thing as well,
let's all that stuff aside, she's got a relationship with Scott Coker.
She had it from Strikeforce and they've always got along. He's always,
he's always AED. And you gotta remember,
he's the one that first put women's MMA on the, on the, on the big stage,
you know, her and ginarono were the ones that made women's MMA.
That next level of, of what a, what it could be.
There was something that happened between them where the UFC was like,
we're getting outta the cyborg business. I'm trying to remember what it was.
I don't remember what happened, but there was some sort of a dispute that they.
Had. Was it before I think it was before the Amanda fight. Oh.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
They put out a video Cyborg's boyfriend put out a video,
he put words in Dana White's mouth, mouth. And they were fake. Yep. They,
they mistranslated it on purpose willfully,
and then she had to apologized for it. And then theoc was like,
get the outta here. You can't do that. Yeah. And that's when they released her,
but that wasn't her. Right.
Her boyfriend, her boyfriend and her and her management, I think.
Or something like that. Well, her boyfriend is her man. Okay. Yeah.
That's what it was. So that's why she, she got out the business.
That's why the UFC got done with the cyborg. But.
Here's the thing is that when she was with, when she she's been,
she hadn't lost in what? 15 years or so like that. Something since.
Gina Carran. Well, before the ginaran fight,
her first fight was her very first fight. First.
She lost fight. Yeah. But whenever, so that first fight,
she hadn't lost since then. It's been close to 15 years. Yeah.
And to say that like now all of a sudden, cuz she had one loss after a man,
Nu or to when she lost to man, Nuez that she's done.
Like she wants to fight easy fights.
She wants Julia butt is not an easy fight for her. No. You know? And um,
but that, when we go back to, when I was talking about the narrative,
the narrative being that Dana shapes, the narrative, the narrative is that,
look, if you wanna fight over there, you're gonna have easier fights. And the,
the press jumps on board and the fighters jump on board and it becomes an issue.
That's why I feel like we're not seen cross.
Promotions. Well, I just think it's a business decision.
The UFC doesn't have an invested interest in blowing up Bellator and making them
bigger and Bellator would get bigger along the way.
But I think Julia bot hangs with any 145 pounder in the UFC.
And I would like to see her fight in the UFC.
I would like to see crosspromoion with her as well.
I just feel like it's just one of those things where it's it hampers the, the,
the, the fans cuz the athlete it's they're just not gonna face each other.
Well, let me,
let me go into this is we already saw a cross promotion when UFC
was basically asking, or I don't wanna say begging, but they were,
they were trying to force the issue with C Chuck Ladell fighting vandler in.
Yeah. Vanla yeah. And remember that they.
Got over because they actually sent go over there and then pride.
Didn't send anybody over here.
Yes. You know, and, and I here's the thing though,
we've already seen with Scott, what he says he's gonna do. He does. Yes.
And that, that's a big reason when I had to, I actually had to fight call Jerry.
It was supposed to be,
they sent aocki over when it was dream and they sent aocki over and Scott was
supposed to send Gilbert over afterwards to fight each other.
So a aocki fought in Strikeforce and then after Gil beat him,
he was supposed to go over there and fight him in a ring. That didn't happen.
So I got a call on like 12 days notice and Scott's like, you need,
can you do this for me? And I was like, I'm,
I'm literally sitting at the court side of the warriors game,
eating chicken strips and drinking a beer <laugh> and I'm like, I'm like,
let me go home. I'm gonna run about four or five miles. See how I feel.
And I'll get back to you. Call 'em that night at, at night. And he's like,
I'm like, yeah, I'm good. I can go.
So that's how I took the fight with Caler on like 10 days notice.
And just so look,
when people want to talk about how the Japanese do business and what happened
with the UFC. I can understand,
I can understand while they're hesitant to do cross promotion. Because when,
when I actually accepted that fight with 10 days,
notice I was supposed to fight Aoki. But when I got there,
they changed it to C Jerry. Wow.
That's a big difference.
But what they do is what they do is one's a wrestler and one's a Jitsu guy.
Sure. But the other thing too is what they do is they say, Hey,
here's another amount of money. Here's a check for this.
If you switch and you take this guy.
I.